docs: list supported/unsupported apps (#90)
coreruleset/nextcloud-rule-exclusions-plugin: README.md

This plugin contains rule exclusions for [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/), a productivity platform and file hosting service. These rule exclusions are designed to resolve common false positives and allow for easier integration with the OWASP CRS (CRS).

## Supported apps

Due to how feature rich Nextcloud is, not all apps in Nextcloud can be supported (Especially 3rd party apps). False positives that are due to unsupported apps within Nextcloud must be resolved by a [custom rule exclusion](https://coreruleset.org/docs/concepts/false_positives_tuning/).

> Additional apps may be supported if there is enough demand from the community, generally support for apps made by 3rd parties (Not Nextcloud) won't be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional apps may be supported if there is enough demand from the community, but in general, support for apps made by 3rd parties (not Nextcloud) won't be added.
```
